src/docs/en/SUMMARY.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11155743/32192540-861b182a-bdc5-11e7-9867-3beca0163512.png" alt="vue-goodshare logo">
</p>

# vue-goodshare

![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/vue-goodshare.svg) [![vue js site](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-2.4.x_or_newer-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://vuejs.org) [![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-red.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/koddr/vue-goodshare/blob/master/LICENSE)

> Vue.js component for social share. A simple way to share a link on the pages of your website in the most popular social networks. Powered by [goodshare.js](https://github.com/koddr/goodshare.js) project.

**[Release Notes](https://github.com/koddr/vue-goodshare/releases)**

- [Installation](installation.md)
- [Using component](using-component.md)

### Design Guide

- [Buttons](design-buttons.md)
- [Icons](design-icons.md)

### Supported Providers

- [Social networks](supported-social-networks.md)
- [Messengers](supported-social-messengers.md)

### Your assistance will help make project even better!
 
- [Donate with PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/koddr/9.99usd)
- [Donate with Yandex.Money](https://money.yandex.ru/to/41001601525977/599)
 
#### Thanks for supporting!

Commit message:

Add docs, mobile messengers, bundles

src/docs/en/SUMMARY.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11155743/32192540-861b182a-bdc5-11e7-9867-3beca0163512.png" alt="vue-goodshare logo">
</p>

# vue-goodshare

![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/vue-goodshare.svg) [![vue js site](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-2.4.x_or_newer-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://vuejs.org) [![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-red.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/koddr/vue-goodshare/blob/master/LICENSE)

> Vue.js component for social share. A simple way to share a link on the pages of your website in the most popular (and not so) social networks. Powered by [goodshare.js](https://github.com/koddr/goodshare.js) project.

**[Release Notes](https://github.com/koddr/vue-goodshare/releases)**

- [Installation](installation.md)
- [Component options](options.md)

### Using component

- [Single share element](using-component-single.md)
- [Bundle of share elements](using-component-bundle.md)

### Design Guide

- [Buttons](design-buttons.md)
- [Icons](design-icons.md)

### Supported Providers

- [Social networks](supported-social-networks.md)
- [Mobile messengers](supported-social-messengers.md)

### Your assistance will help make project even better!
 
- [Donate with PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/koddr/9.99usd)
- [Donate with Yandex.Money](https://money.yandex.ru/to/41001601525977/599)
 
#### Thanks for supporting!
